FREYA-1430: integrate direct WordPress API for job listings (#433)
ScilifelabDataCentre/data.scilifelab.se: content/jobs/_index.md

    - /calls_and_jobs/
---

> In this section, we show the latest job opportunities from the **SciLifeLab Data Centre**. These positions focus on IT infrastructure, data management, and computational services that support life science research across Sweden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are the latest job opportunities within SciLifeLab Data Centre. Positions typically relate to open science, research data management, and developing and managing IT infrastructure. 
```
